reverse/reverse_gambit/README.MD, before:

# Reverse Gambit Challenge
A reverse engineering challenge that includes some self-modifying code. Difficulty level is medium.

| Info | Value |
|---------------|-----------|
| **Difficulty** | Medium |
| **Flag** | ccsc{v3ry_e4sy_ch4ll} |
 
## Tweaking and Compiling
You can update the decryption key by changing the `FLAG_CIPHERTEXT_KEY` macro in `includes.h`. Make sure that
the value is at max 32bit only.

Compile using:
```
cmake
```

**Note:** Ignore error `challenge.h` not found in your IDE, to generate it run the make process once (it's automatically
generated by `flag_print.c`) 

## Solution 1
Brute-force the executable with values ranging from 0x0 - 0xFFFFFFFF
```python
import os, subprocess
cmd = os.path.join(os.path.realpath('.'), "challenge")
for key in range(0x00, 0xffffffff):
    if "ccsc" in subprocess.run(cmd, input="{:x}".format(key), capture_output=True):
        print(f"Key = {hex(key)}")
```
## Solution 2
TODO

In short:
1. Identify BB
   ```
   .text:0000000000000771                 lea     rdi, s          ; "Invalid key"
   ```
2. Trace back to where the decision is made:
   ```
   .text:000000000000072B                 call    sub_8A0
   .text:0000000000000730                 cmp     cs:dword_201020, 0E5894855h
   .text:000000000000073A                 jnz     short loc_771
   ```
3. Function call looks like a XOR encryption
   ```
   .text:00000000000008E0 loc_8E0:                                ; CODE XREF: sub_8A0+49↓j
   .text:00000000000008E0                 xor     [rbx], ebp
   .text:00000000000008E2                 add     rbx, 4
   .text:00000000000008E6                 cmp     rax, rbx
   .text:00000000000008E9                 jnz     short loc_8E0
   ```
4. Take the value `0E5894855h` and the encoded/encrypted ciphertext being compared at step #2 (`dword_201020`) and
find a value where `*(unsigned long *)dword_201020 ^ K = 0E5894855h`

Commit message:

feat(reverse_gambit): update readme
update readme to make it clear that solution #1 is just an approach, but wrong one.

reverse/reverse_gambit/README.MD, after:

# Reverse Gambit Challenge
A reverse engineering challenge that includes some self-modifying code. Difficulty level is medium.

| Info | Value |
|---------------|-----------|
| **Difficulty** | Medium |
| **Flag** | ccsc{v3ry_e4sy_ch4ll} |
 
## Tweaking and Compiling
You can update the decryption key by changing the `FLAG_CIPHERTEXT_KEY` macro in `includes.h`. Make sure that
the value is at max 32bit only.

Compile using:
```
cmake
```

**Note:** Ignore error `challenge.h` not found in your IDE, to generate it run the make process once (it's automatically
generated by `flag_print.c`) 

## Solution 1
Note: FYI don't use this one, it's time consuming and not really the correct approach
Brute-force the executable with values ranging from 0x0 - 0xFFFFFFFF 
```python
import os, subprocess
cmd = os.path.join(os.path.realpath('.'), "challenge")
for key in range(0x00, 0xffffffff):
    if "ccsc" in subprocess.run(cmd, input="{:x}".format(key), capture_output=True):
        print(f"Key = {hex(key)}")
```
## Solution 2
TODO

In short:
1. Identify BB
   ```
   .text:0000000000000771                 lea     rdi, s          ; "Invalid key"
   ```
2. Trace back to where the decision is made:
   ```
   .text:000000000000072B                 call    sub_8A0
   .text:0000000000000730                 cmp     cs:dword_201020, 0E5894855h
   .text:000000000000073A                 jnz     short loc_771
   ```
3. Function call looks like a XOR encryption
   ```
   .text:00000000000008E0 loc_8E0:                                ; CODE XREF: sub_8A0+49↓j
   .text:00000000000008E0                 xor     [rbx], ebp
   .text:00000000000008E2                 add     rbx, 4
   .text:00000000000008E6                 cmp     rax, rbx
   .text:00000000000008E9                 jnz     short loc_8E0
   ```
4. Take the value `0E5894855h` and the encoded/encrypted ciphertext being compared at step #2 (`dword_201020`) and
find a value where `*(unsigned long *)dword_201020 ^ K = 0E5894855h`. Now all you have to do is just a XOR operation to get the key `K = 0E5894855h ^ *(unsigned long *)dword_201020`
